hey guys welcome back to Showtime cards
my name is George we're here to announce
the new Magic the Gathering pre-release
tournament it's dragon's maze it's going
to take place this weekend April 27th at
midnight and we're also going to do a
tournament the 27th f1 p.m. and sunday
april 28 at 1pm as well we're going to
go over a few things but our midnight
tournament on the 27 is going to be our
big tournament they sent us this cool
lot maze dragon's maze i'm going to have
Louise kind of go over it with us get
all the prizes and stuff but first off
if you buy a box of dragon's maze or
preorder one with us you're going to get
one of these buy a box promo cards it's
render silent foil it's really cool but
you will get one of those if you buy a
box for preorder a box while supplies
last you know they give us a little bit
of limited an amount so get yours soon
also when you get your for the
tournament you're going to get a guild
box kill box pack and you will get one
of these promo foil cards maze ends
however unlike our return to ravnica or
evidence restored you cannot use that on
the tournament with your deck so you
cannot use this car to put the
tournament only what's in your guild and
then we have these special buttons that
the guilds are going to be wearing I'm
going to have least kind of go over the
maze with you and what's it I'm
representing is it today but uh here is
Louise and he's kind of go over the maze
and how it's going to work and that's
going to take place on the
twenty-seventh tournament at midnight
how you guys doing strode says he's
representing is it I azorius right here
boom come and go for them but this is
the famous dragon's maze right here so
what you're going to do how drawers are
saying we have these little stickers
that we put on here you're going to wear
your button which is going to represent
your guilt then as you win depending on
how many players we do get you're going
to move throughout the maze in a certain
amount of spaces
first guild to make it through the maze
will get these special dragon's maze
champions of the maze cards which will
have some planeswalker points on the
back everyone else who finishes will get
a maid's runner and they also have
points but just not as much as the first
one of course everyone will also get
these alternative are playing planes a
basic land cards cool and that's what
it's going to look like over there
pretty simple and then so how do you get
through the mains it as the guild wins
you know you just kind of move follow
through the maze yep of course that is
easy enough huh again it depends on many
players we get okay so if you get let's
say 16 players you move what three
spaces or city force four spaces okay
cool well that's easy enough but that's
going to be a lot of fun we're going to
get you know go after these up champion
of the maze loaded with planeswalker
points we hope to see you guys this
weekend will also have pizza on every
single all three up tournaments we're
going to have pizza our big ones going
to be the midnight release the 27th
friday at midnight registration is going
to start at 11pm we hope to see you guys
here and that's it we're signing out EO
time cards in Tucson bye guys
stop it I a 20 stop the bada for the buy
a box promo weekend you're going to get
while one of these dragon's maze going
to be called up